Updated components for mentioning layer deletion in Adobe XD (#537)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/tabs.md

## Tabs Amount

> For most scenarios, the Tabs need to contain between two and five tabs, and if needed, you can remove a tab item. To do that in Sketch, the Tabs uses a smart layout allowing it to adjust accordingly when one or more of its tabs are set to ~No Symbol. In Adobe XD, you have to delete the unused layers instead, and the layout will adjust through the use of stacks. If your case requires more tabs, you may want to consider a fluid mode and represent only the tabs in view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most scenarios, the Tabs need to contain between two and five items. To remove an item in Sketch, set its override to ~No Symbol and the smart layout will adjust the remaining ones. To achieve the same in Adobe XD, you should delete the unnecessary items and the Stack will take care to lay out the remaining ones. If your use case requires more than five tabs, you should consider the Fixed mode explained above.
```

## Short Bar Content

> The short bar comes with text content by default. If you want to show an icon instead, you have to assign a Material Icon to the `🔣 Icon` override and set the `🏷️ Label` to ~No Symbol in Sketch for every tab in the bar or delete the unused layers in Adobe XD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The short bar comes with text content by default. If you want to show an icon instead, you have to assign a Material Icon to the `🔣 Icon` override and set the `🏷️ Label` to ~No Symbol in Sketch for every tab in the bar. To achieve a similar result in Adobe XD make sure that either `🔣 Icon` or `🏷️ Label` layer exists and is visible, and the other one has been deleted for every tab in the bar.
```
